Improve is 05 control (#701)
AMWA-TV/nmos-testing: utilities/is-05-control/README.md

  --version VERSION     Version of IS-05 API of DuT
  -s, --sender          Configure NMOS Sender
  -r, --receiver        Configure NMOS Receiver

>   --request REQUEST     JSON data to be sent in the request to configure sender
>   --sdp SDP             SDP file to be queried from a Sender (write) or be sent to a Receiver (read)

Reviewer: Explanation of `--sdp` is a bit hard to understand... maybe:

```suggestion
  --request REQUEST     Input JSON file for PATCH /staged request to the Sender
  --sdp SDP             Input SDP file for PATCH /staged request to the Receiver, or
                        Output SDP file for GET /transportfile response from the Sender
```

  -u UUID, --uuid UUID  UUID of resource to be configured
```

Inside the script the IS-05 device can be controlled with the following keys
```
Press 'e' to set master_enable True
Press 'd' to set master_enable False
Press 'c' to set a valid config on a Sender (JSON) or a Receiver(SDP)

> Press 'u' to set a dummy config on a Sender (JSON) or a Receiver(SDP)

Reviewer: Not sure why it's important to indicate file type, for these one character commands that have no parameters that the user can specify? I think the important point is that the "valid" config means the config specified via `--request` or `--sdp` on the command line, right?

Author: right, let's not over-complicate the helper msg.

Press '7' to set 2022-7 Sender to dummy config

> Press 's' to get SDP file (and save to "./new.json" from a Sender)

Reviewer: Why does it say save to _./new.json_? That's a weird file extension for SDP! Ah, it's actually the name used in the `--sdp` arg or _latest.sdp_ by default? I guess when you grabbed this text from a run you had passed `--sdp new.json`?! How about saying `"./<SDP>"` or something here?

Another thought... Why is saving only supported for Senders? Hmm, I suppose because you don't want to overwrite an SDP file provided via `--sdp` on the command line?

Author: new.json is indeed a mistake.

Right,  It makes sense to save from a Sender but just display the patched SDP from a receiver.

Waiting for input...
```

## Example: create a media connection

1. Connect to a sender:

```
python3 is05Control.py --ip <hostname or IP> --port <IS-05 Port> --version <IS-05 Version> --sender --uuid <Sender ID> --request sender-to-20-1080i-7.json --sdp new.sdp
```

2. Enable (`e`)
3. Push a valid RTP config (`c`)

> 4. Save SDP file (`s`)

Reviewer: Trivial nit: seems a bit inconsistent to use parentheses and backticks for the commands here but single quote marks above?
